asset: updated CONTRIBUTING.md (#9)
hackforla/devops-security: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # **How to Contribute to DevOps**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# **How to Contribute to DevOps Security**
```

            - [**i. Reset `origin` remote url**](#i-reset-origin-remote-url)
            - [**ii. Add an `upstream` remote**](#ii-add-an-upstream-remote)

## **Setting up the local development environment**

### **Creating a personal AWS account**

- Go to [amazon.com](https://aws.amazon.com/) and click `"Sign In to the Console" > "Create a new AWS account."` 
- Enter your email, create a password, and input your basic details. Then provide your contact information and complete the identity verification process.
- Enter your credit/debit card information for billing purposes, opt for the free basic support.
- Agree to the AWS Customer Agreement and Service Terms, complete the registration by clicking `"Create Account and Continue"`, verify your phone number via text or call, confirm your email address following the instructions in the confirmation email, and finally sign in to access your new AWS account using your email and password.

<sub>[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)</sub>
***

### **Installing Terraform**

> We are using the [Official HashiCorp install instructions](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install) for installing terraform.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
Use the [Official HashiCorp install instructions](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install) for installing terraform.
```
There's nothing really wrong here - just removing pronouns to standardize and simplify

<sub>[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)</sub>
***

### **Installing Terraform docs**

Follow the Terraform docs [installation guide](https://terraform-docs.io/user-guide/installation/)

<sub>[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)</sub>
***

## **Fork the repository**

> You can fork the hackforla/devops-security repository by clicking <a href="https://github.com/hackforla/devops-security/fork"> <button> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17777237/54873012-40fa5b00-4dd6-11e9-98e0-cc436426c720.png" width="8px"> Fork</button></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fork the hackforla/devops-security repository by clicking <a href="https://github.com/hackforla/devops-security/fork"> <button> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17777237/54873012-40fa5b00-4dd6-11e9-98e0-cc436426c720.png" width="8px"> Fork</button></a>
```

# **How to Contribute to DevOps Security**
> ℹ️ **This page is under development**

Below are guidelines for contributing to the devops-security repository hosted on GitHub. These guidelines are primarily recommendations rather than strict rules. Use your discretion and feel free to suggest changes to this document by submitting a pull request.

**This guide assumes that you have finished the onboarding process, which involves joining the Hack for LA Slack, GitHub, and Google Drive. If you haven't completed onboarding yet, please visit the [Getting Started Page](https://www.hackforla.org/getting-started).**

**The team recommends using [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) as the preferred text editor for working on code, but feel free to utilize a text editor of your preference.**

**If you have any additional questions about your contribution process, please feel free to reach out to the team in the [#ops](https://hackforla.slack.com/archives/CV7QGL66B) Slack channel.**
<br><br>

## **Table of Contents**

> - [**How to Contribute to DevOps**](#how-to-contribute-to-devops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**How to Contribute to DevOps Security**](#how-to-contribute-to-devops-security)
```
